I hate you. I wish you didn't exist. You were a mistake. You never do anything right. No one could ever love you. You are so fucking ugly too. Just worthless. You are to blame for everything that goes wrong. You fail at everything so miserably and that is just going to keep happening, over and over and over and over again, you should just stop right now because of how fucking embarassing this all is. You\'re not good enough either! You never were! You will never amount to anything in your entire waste of a life! You will never be able to change. Oh! And hey! You are shit. You are NOTHING but shit. You ARE Shit with a capital fucking S. There is literally no one for you. You disappoint me and everyone you know. You never try hard enough, not even once. You could really stand to give a shit once in a while, but you are too fucked up to even do that. You can\'t fix anything, why even bother fixing yourself? You're just going to make everything worse. You either don't understand oor you refuse to understand. You just refuse to change. You don't get it. You won\'t ever get it. You're so fucking stupid. Your feelings don't matter, but wait, that's right, you don't even have feelings! That's so fucking sad! Have you ever felt anything in your life? I seriously doubt that. You are a just a huge burden to everyone you have ever met. You're PATHETIC. You're NOTHING. You're worthless SCUM. You\'re nothing but a fat, ugly piece of shit. A worthless, disgusting, piece of fucking dogshit. You\'re hopeless, that\'s what you are. You\'re fucking hopeless. Your entire existence makes me lose all hope too, just looking at you makes me want to swallow a razor. The world would be so better off if you just flat out killed yourself. Nobody even wants you! Nobody will ever care about you. Nobody will EVER love you. EVER!! You\'ll always be alone. You\'re so fucking worthless. There's nothing good about you! You're just a fucking piece of FUCKING shit. You make me FUCKING sick! I'm going to puke just thinking about you. There is nothing good, redeemable, charming, likable, or endearing about you. Nothing. You're just a fucking trashbag. Dumpsters are too good for you. I hope no one ever reads your stupid fucking blog because just reading one sentence of it makes me want to vomit my brains out. Nothing you say makes any goddamn sense. If you want to kill yourself so badly, why don't you just fucking do it? Do us all a fucking favor. Please. I'm so sick of listening to your pathetic whining. You don't deserve anyone's time or attention. God, you're so fucking annoying! I hope you get fucking hit by a bus. I hope everything you love gets taken away from you. I hope you suffer. I hope you suffer for the rest of your pathetic fucking life, that's what you want right? All you want is to suffer, isn't that right? So just suffer. It would be funny to watch if it wasn't so FUCKING pathetic. I hope you never get the love you so desperately crave. You'll never make friends being such a fucking sad, pathetic little shit scum.